So in rotisserie show IP BGP network 4 doesn't show in the BJP writing table show IP BGP neighbor the
neighbor relationship 1 1 2 is established.
So we have a neighbor relationship to Rodda to scrolling down the neighbor relationship to 17:1 one
too which is rockfall is currently active.
That's not good.
Show run BGP configuration looks good.
We've got a neighbor relationship configured and brought a full show run.
We've got this neighbor relationship configured so show IP BGP naver
we've got the same problem on a waterfall neighbor relationship he's active rather than established.
So again looking at that configuration BGP looks good.
So is there another problem lower in the assigned model.
The routing looks good but can wrote a full ping router three.
It doesn't look like it can.
Can't ping the IP address.
Ken wrote a sweeping reform.
It's not able to do that.
All the interfaces up.
So show IP interface brief
interfaces up a line protocol is up.
What about on the side show IP interface.
Brief interfaces up line protocol is up but can you see the problem.
What's the problem in this network.
So these two routers are connected via gigabit 00 on brought a full This is the IP address on gigabit
00 on router 3 however gigabit or 00 has the same IP address.
It's the wrong IP address.
So show run this IP address is incorrect.
So interface gigabit 0 0 IP address 17 1 1 1 subnet mask of 24 can rotisserie now ping wrote a full
Yes it can show IP BGP neighbor
neighbor relationship to 15 is still established neighbor relationship to 17 1 1 2 is set to 2 active
BGP may take a while to bring up the neighbor relationship.
And there you go it's just gone up on both sides so we can see the neighbor relationship is now up on
the side of i.p BGP neighbors.
Notice the neighbor relationship to rodder 3 is now established.
So that looks a lot better.
So unright a one show IP BGP we haven't learnt about network 4 yet.
That may take a while.
Let's check if a network for was advertised at or three.
So show IP BGP we are now learning about network 4.
So can we ping network for yes we can.
What about on rodded to
we all seeing a problem here between Route One and router to.
So we need to investigate that.
So shop IP BGP summary that looks OK but are we learning about network fall.
Yes we are serrata to paying the Lubeck of a waterfall show IP BGP neighbors.
Let's see if there's a problem between one and two.
We told here that the state is idle.
So let's see what the problem is looks like it's now come up again without me doing anything.
So this may be a package Tracy issue.
Sure.
And PBG P The rot has now been learnt.
So can we paying for that for that forward for.
Yes we can show IP wrote shows us that route in the IP writing table show IP BGP shows us that route
in the BJP writing table.
It originated in a tunnel system number 65000 for went to 65000 three then to 65000 to was advertised
by this rodded to the local Rodda.
So we've now got that wrote in the local routing table.
So it looks like it just took a trace a bit of time to sort itself out.
And it looks like things are now working as they should.
Right.
One can paying the loopback of wrote a full
now c'mon to remember for the real world is show TZP brief.
This will show you.
Connections between BGP routers BGP users TCAP so we can see that router too has initiated a TCAP session
to the local router BGP uses TZP port 179.
This is a ephemeral or random port number.
So rodded to initiated the session to the local writer wrote a one show TZP brief on Route 3.
We can see that 15 1 1 2 router 3 initiated a session to Rohtak to and it initiated a session to a for
established means that the TZP sessions have been established.
If you don't see DCP sessions established between your routers you've probably got a problem with either
late to late free will leave for
as an example on rodder 3 or shut the interface down show TZP brief.
Notice we no longer have a TZP session between 17 1 1 1 and 17 1 1 2.
If I know shutter that interface interfaces come up what we should see is that a relationship is established
between the two routers.
Now you might have to wait a while but notice we now see that the BGP relationship has come up and we
can see that Rotto fall initiated to the BGP session to rodded 3.
So that was different to what we saw previously previously rodder 3 initiated the session to rockfall
that now run a four initiated session to Route 3.
It doesn't matter who initiates the session.
We simply want to see that the TCAP sessions are established and we want to see that
BGP relationships are established between neighbors.
Packet tracer shows this incorrectly.
We see a blank in the real world when the sessions I step list here.
So with packet tracer and in your exam make sure that you use the command show IP BGP neighbors and
look for disestablished state to prove that the neighbor relationships are set up properly.
If you see active Idol or any other word except established you have a problem.